> https://mdong127.github.io/

1. **Change config url** before pushing / development
	Potential Work-arounds: 
	- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27386169/change-site-url-to-localhost-during-jekyll-local-development
	- https://jekyllrb.com/docs/variables/
1. Run `bundle exec jekyll serve` for dev environment

## To do (Tier 1): 
1. transfer other posts; how to add drafts? 
	- Drafts are posts without a date in the filename.  How to exec build with draft? 
	- add hyperlinks in *why education* & embed videos (look through md syntax post)
1. change email to redirect to generic one
1. create a dev branch & make pull requests

## Content
1. include Laney course search in askoski file 
	- built a course catalog for Laney college which is a proof of concept that this is scalable and improves their class bc previously was a pdf (scale education infrastructure)
1. add temporary placeholder project for HA website + include temporary practical applications file
1. link other BTNs within each post
1. add linkedIn profile + add devpost configuration to home page shortcuts (maybe not necessary for new template)

### To do (Tier 2): 
1. enable https - SSL certificate
1. fix disqus & fix back button to use font icon
1. How to use analytics code? http://jmcglone.com/guides/github-pages/ Try creating an _include file that inserts Google Analytics tracking code into your <head> so you can get stats on the visitors to your website. Here's an example._
	- https://taylantatli.github.io/Moon/moon-theme/
1. Configuring Travis CI on your repo is a great way to track failing builds as well - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24851824/how-long-does-it-take-for-github-page-to-show-changes-after-changing-index-html
1. regex for all png and jpg files?  `\.(png|jpg)`
1. look into dev settings: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/usage/ 
1. add option to search by tags (see template version)

## Completed: 
1. [x] sync to custom domain: https://medium.com/@Tnylnc/tnylnc-how-to-set-up-github-pages-with-google-domains-83bd5a4fbc5c
1. [x] customize background (picture or color) & logo (prof pic) & favicon
1. [x] insert markdownify into liquid templating for post list & projects layouts
1. [x] fix permalink issue with extra backslash 
1. [x] insert a basic _by the numbers post_ w/ images, YAML header, etc... 
1. [x] redirect post home button to proper `site.url`
1. [x] choose & change theme & link template to your github pages page 

## Content
1. [x] update aboutMe to be in parity with resume
	- change CAHL description to be AI in education
	- Update website to say “recommended reading”
	- link to projects section
	- move cal hacks response to BTNs description 
1. [x] include safeFront project


--- 

### Useful commands 

Jekyll:
- `jekyll serve --livereload` for local version 
	- vs `bundle exec jekyll serve`? 
	- Note that _config.yml changes are loaded at compile time, not runtime. This means that if you’re running jekyll serve locally and you edit _config.yml, then changes to it won’t be detected. You’ll need to kill and rerun jekyll serve.
- pushing changes will automatically update live website (takes a few seconds)
- `jekyll build` ? 
	jekyll build will wipe everything in /_sites/. The first step of jekyll build is to delete everything in /_sites/ and then build it all again from scratch. So, you can’t store any files in there and expect them to stick around. Everything that goes into /_sites/ should be generated by Jekyll_

Git:

- `git remote set-url origin git://new.url.here`
- `git pull origin branchname --allow-unrelated-histories`


